GCP Marketplace Getting Started Guide (#525)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/docs-source/docs/modules/get-started-gcp-marketplace/pages/index.adoc

= Get started with Cloudflow on Google Cloud Platform Marketplace
:toc:
:toc-title: ON THIS PAGE
:toclevels: 2

include::ROOT:partial$include.adoc[]

> A convenient way to try out Cloudflow is via Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Marketplace, a place where you can quickly deploy Cloudflow that runs on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with just a few clicks.

Reviewer: Maybe "try out" sounds too temporary? It's intended to be a way to deploy and run full applications for production?

Suggestion: "A convenient way to try out and use Cloudflow...", or ""A convenient way to use Cloudflow..."

Author: I thought our Marketplace offering wasn't intended for production use cases. But the many thumbs up proved me wrong ;) I'll change the wording.

> A convenient way to try out Cloudflow is via Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Marketplace, a place where you can quickly deploy Cloudflow that runs on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with just a few clicks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A convenient way to use Cloudflow is via Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Marketplace, a place where you can quickly install Cloudflow on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with just a few clicks.
```
